Eric Gullufsen (ONID - gullufse)

The unaffordability of Premier League match tickets.
According to the Independent[1], a British newspaper, the average cost 
of a premier leage ticket is 30.68 pounds, or about $40 (independent.co.uk).
This is the average price, meaning good seats are far more than this, and 
tickets for the top teams are often much more expensive. This makes it
 prohibitively expensive for working-class fans to regularly attend matches
 and support their team.
Subproblem 1: fans of lower-table teams are priced out of watching their team play
 the 'top' teams (Manchester City, Arsenal, Chelsea, Man. City, Tottenham).
Quote illustrating subproblem one: [2]"Newcastle vs. City - 60 pounds!". From Pete Donaldson,
presenter on podcast 'the Football Ramble.' thefootballramble.com. This is also anecdotal evidence of
 fans of lower-teir teams (Newcastle, West Ham, Sutherland, etc.) seeing tickets
 for their team skyrocket in price when they are playing the 'big boys' of the PL. Obviously,
 this also hampers families from attending with their children, as four tickets to a top-teir
 match would run into the hundreds of dollars.
 
I propose a web-application that would highlight affordable or on-sale tickets around
England. Three important features of this system: real-time reporting from fans at stadiums, a
database of match ticket prices reported by the clubs themselves, reviews of matches by attending fans.
Real-time reporting by fans is important because oftentimes clubs will raise or lower their
prices, so that fans attending the game might be surprised by a price. In this system, fans can
 look up gate prices. The clubs data regarding ticket prices is important for fans planning ahead,
 for instance a 'yank' attending a game abroad would want to look up prices well in advance of the match day.
 Finally, reviews of matches are important since you'd not want to shell out a bunch of money
 to see a team that are not in good form.
 
[1] http://independent.co.uk/sport/football/premier-league/ticket-prices-how-much-does-it-cost-to-watch-your-team-a6694486.html

[2] http://thefootballramble.com Episode "Goal of the Time Zone" min. 34. Pete Donaldson quoted.

 
